When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping 
all your work local?

	I'll find this process very useful when I change Mac between my 
	personal,home and work machines. There'll situations where I 
	don't have my files with me all the time. I'm more flexible and 
	in control of my projects this way.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having 
Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	I wouldn't know what changes to the files were made from the 
	various machines I'll be working on, my other collaborators on 
	the project, files that I'm working on locally. I also would 
	want a better organization of files and be in control of it.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When 
would you use one instead of another?

	Forks is a feature specific in GitHub. The feature is called 
	Forking. It allows the cloning of a repository on the GitHub 
	servers. This process is more efficient in crediting the 
	original work on the author when multiple collaborators are 
	working on it. To continue the work of an author I will fork 
	the repository rather than cloning it to my machine. 
	
	Clones is a copy of the repository either on local machine or 
	remote. 

	Branches is a copy of a recent commit of a master to allow 
	collaborator(s) to experiment with new feature that are unknown 
	to work. If an experiment for a feature works a branch can be 
	merge back into Master file. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the 
remote stored locally?

	I'm able to work offline with the latest remote changes. When I'm connected to the internet, if there are newer commits I'm still able to check the difference and merge the master file if needed.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be 
easier, and what would be harder?

	It'll be more annoying now knowing the value of collaborating 
	file on cloud. Without such applications I will have to either email 
	or upload onto to a cloud app e.g. Dropbox. The the other person
	will need to download to make edits and re-upload again for me to 
	check. So much time is wasted. I wouldn't say that it would easier.
